Eat updates (#5630)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_cloud-environments-info.md

### Extended attributes

:::note 

> Extended attributes are currently _not_ taken into consideration for SSH Tunneling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extended attributes are are currently _not_ supported for SSH tunneling
```

:::

Extended Attributes allows users to set a flexible [profiles.yml](/docs/core/connect-data-platform/profiles.yml) snippet in their dbt Cloud Environment settings. It provides users with more control over environments (both deployment and development) and extends how dbt Cloud connects to the data platform within a given environment.

Extended Attributes are set at the environment level, and can partially override connection or environment credentials, including any custom environment variables. You can set any YAML attributes that a dbt adapter accepts in its `profiles.yml`.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/extended-attributes.jpg" width="95%" title="Extended Attributes helps users add profiles.yml attributes to dbt Cloud Environment settings using a free form text box." /> <br />

The following code is an example of the types of attributes you can add in the **Extended Attributes** text box:

```yaml
dbname: jaffle_shop      
schema: dbt_alice      
threads: 4
username: alice
password: '{{ env_var(''DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD'') }}'
```

> **Extended Attributes don't mask secret values**. We recommend avoiding setting secret values to prevent visibility in the text box and logs. A common workaround is to wrap extended attributes in [environment variables](/docs/build/environment_variables), like showed above for `password: '{{ env_var(''DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD'') }}'`, that will get a value from the `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variable at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Extended Attributes don't mask secret values**. We recommend avoiding setting secret values to prevent visibility in the text box and logs. A common workaround is to wrap extended attributes in [environment variables](/docs/build/environment-variables), like showed above for `password: '{{ env_var(''DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD'') }}'`, that will get a value from the `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variable at runtime.
```
